Hahahahaha stinky papa liar papa
You just don't want to accompany Yaoyao on her birthday
Yaoyao hates you
Hahahahaha great prophet
big scientist
What about the earthquake you mentioned?
Why haven't you seen an earthquake?
Why didn't the earthquake happen?
That's not possible.
My presence must have caused the butterfly effect
Qingfeng, what nonsense are you talking about?
I see you shut yourself in your room
Stupid breeze
I'll see how you explain it to Special Shou
How to explain to the people of the whole city
You deceive people and create fire
Wait for Lao Tzu to make a river
Hello
What project stoppage caused the deal to be delayed?
The police cancelled it.
It's over, that's an order of tens of millions
I'm broke
What, you want to fire me if you don't finish the plan?
No, I might have an earthquake here.
Hello
Damn this bastard
He also disrupted my Hu family's technology exchange meeting
Made me lose 100 million
This guy?
Say there's a shit earthquake
See if everyone can't work.
Can't go back home
Money can't be earned
We can't let him go today bastard
The amazing father is bankrupt, I will fucking kill you
Add me one.
My annual salary 300,000 job gone
What do you have to say about earthquakes?
Now the factory is bankrupt
lost his job
What do you say this does now?
What should I do? Kill him for me!
Kill him to protect me Yaoyao
What are you doing?
Don't get excited
There will be an earthquake later, which will be very dangerous.
Stinky dad cheated dad to death
I want people to hate your master, if you dare to get hurt
I won't let you go.
What earthquake do you still dare to say about Qin Feng?
It seems that I won't give you some color today.
Ahhh! Help!
Ah!